# AI-Detection-Student-Writing
Corpus of student essays used in Kaggle AI detection competition

This dataset comes from the Kaggle Competition: LLM - Detect AI Generated Text. The Kaggle competition information is available at:

https://www.kaggle.com/competitions/llm-detect-ai-generated-text/overview

The competition dataset comprises about 10,000 essays, some written by students and some generated by a variety of large language models (LLMs). The goal of the competition was to determine whether or not essay was generated by an LLM. The dataset is located in file ai_detect_essays_filtered.csv

All of the essays were written in response to one of seven essay prompts. In each prompt, the students were instructed to read one or more source texts and then write a response. This same information may or may not have been provided as input to an LLM when generating an essay.

Essays from two of the prompts compose the training set; the remaining essays compose the hidden test set. Nearly all of the training set essays were written by students, with only a few generated essays given as examples. 

We have also included the instructions for generating the AI generated essays (Instructions to recreate AI Generated Text Dataset.doc). A small number of the AI generated essays used in the actual competition are publicly available, but the majority of the AI generated essays cannot be released for proprietary reasons. The included instructions will allow interested parties to recreate the entire dataset used in the competition.

The data is provided under a CC BY-NC-SA 4.0 DEED Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International license (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/deed.en)
